---
page_title: "Data Source: okta_agent_pool_update"
subcategory: "Settings"
description: |-

  Retrieves an Okta Agent Pool Update. Agent pool updates allow you to schedule and manage updates for agent pools.

---

# Data Source: okta_agent_pool_update


Retrieves an Okta Agent Pool Update. Agent pool updates allow you to schedule and manage updates for agent pools.


## Links

- [Okta API docs](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/AgentPools/)
- [Provider source](https://github.com/okta/terraform-provider-okta/blob/master/okta/services/idaas/data_source_okta_agent_pool_update.go)
- [SDK source](https://github.com/okta/okta-sdk-golang/blob/v6.1.6/okta/api_agent_pools.go)

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "okta_agent_pool_update" "test" {
  name          = "update_schedule_test"
  agent_type    = "AD"
  notify_admins = true
  pool_id       = "0oaspf3cfatE1nDO31d7"
  agents {
    id      = "a53slzqkptH2xEJ1r1d7"
    pool_id = "0oaspf3cfatE1nDO31d7" # this is required in schema
  }

  schedule {
    cron     = "0 3 * * WED"
    timezone = "Asia/Calcutta"
    delay    = 0
    duration = 1020
  }
}

data "okta_agent_pool_update" "example" {
  id      = okta_agent_pool_update.test.id
  pool_id = "0oaspf3cfatE1nDO31d7"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the agent pool update.
- `pool_id` (String) The unique identifier of the agent pool.

### Read-Only

- `agent_type` (String) Agent types that are being monitored.(e.g., AD, LDAP, IWA, RADIUS, MFA, OPP, RUM, Radius)
- `agents` (Block Set) The agents associated with the agent pool update. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--agents))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates if auto-update is enabled for the agent pool.
- `name` (String) The name of the agent pool update.
- `notify_admin` (Boolean) Indicates if the admin is notified about the update.
- `reason` (String) Reason for the update.
- `schedule` (Block, Read-only) The schedule configuration for the agent pool update. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--schedule))
- `sort_order` (Number) Specifies the sort order.
- `status` (String) Overall state for the auto-update job from the admin perspective.
- `target_version` (String) The agent version to update to.

<a id="nestedblock--agents"></a>
### Nested Schema for `agents`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the agent.
- `is_hidden` (Boolean) Determines if an agent is hidden from the Admin Console.
- `is_latest_gaed_version` (Boolean) Determines if the agent is on the latest generally available version.
- `last_connection` (Number) Timestamp when the agent last connected to Okta.
- `name` (String) The name of the agent.
- `operational_status` (String) Operational status of a given agent (e.g. DEGRADED, DISRUPTED, INACTIVE, OPERATIONAL).
- `pool_id` (String) Pool ID.
- `type` (String) Agent types that are being monitored.
- `update_message` (String) Status message of the agent.
- `update_status` (String) Status for one agent regarding the status to auto-update that agent.
- `version` (String) Agent version number.


<a id="nestedblock--schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule`

Read-Only:

- `cron` (String) The schedule of the update in cron format.
- `delay` (Number) Delay in days.
- `duration` (Number) Duration in minutes.
- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp when the update finished.
- `timezone` (String) Timezone of where the scheduled job takes place.
