---
page_title: "Data Source: okta_device"
subcategory: "Settings"
description: |-

  Terraform Data Source for okta_device.

---

# Data Source: okta_device


Terraform Data Source for okta_device.


## Links

- [Okta API docs](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/Device/)
- [Provider source](https://github.com/okta/terraform-provider-okta/blob/master/okta/services/idaas/data_source_okta_device.go)
- [SDK source](https://github.com/okta/okta-sdk-golang/blob/v5.0.6/okta/api_device.go)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "okta_device" "example" {
  id = "abcdefghi0123456789"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The ID of the device.

### Read-Only

- `created` (String) The creation timestamp of the device.
- `last_updated` (String) The last updated timestamp of the device.
- `profile` (Block, Read-only) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--profile))
- `resource_alternate_id` (String) The alternate ID of the device resource.
- `resource_display_name` (Block, Read-only) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--resource_display_name))
- `resource_id` (String) Alternate key for the id.
- `resource_type` (String) The resource type of the device.
- `status` (String) The status of the device.

<a id="nestedblock--profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `profile`

Read-Only:

- `disk_encryption_type` (String) The disk encryption type of the device.
- `display_name` (String) The display name of the device.
- `imei` (String) The International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI) of the device.
- `integrity_jail_break` (Boolean) Indicates if the device is jailbroken or rooted. Only applicable to IOS and ANDROID platforms.
- `manufacturer` (String) The manufacturer of the device.
- `meid` (String) Mobile equipment identifier of the device.
- `model` (String) The model of the device.
- `os_version` (String) The OS version of the device.
- `platform` (String) The platform of the device.
- `registered` (Boolean) Indicates if the device is registered at Okta.
- `secure_hardware_present` (Boolean) Indicates if secure hardware is present on the device.
- `serial_number` (String) Serial number of the device.
- `sid` (String) Windows Security identifier of the device.
- `tpm_public_key_hash` (String) Windows Trusted Platform Module hash value.
- `udid` (String) MacOS Unique device identifier of the device.


<a id="nestedblock--resource_display_name"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_display_name`

Read-Only:

- `sensitive` (Boolean) Indicates if the resource display name is sensitive.
- `value` (String) The value of the resource display name.
