---
page_title: "Data Source: okta_end_user_my_requests"
subcategory: "Identity Governance"
description: |-

  Terraform Data Source for okta_end_user_my_requests.

---

# Data Source: okta_end_user_my_requests


Terraform Data Source for okta_end_user_my_requests.


## Links

- [Okta API docs](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/iga/openapi/governance-production-enduser-reference/my-requests)
- [Provider source](https://github.com/okta/terraform-provider-okta/blob/master/okta/services/governance/data_source_end_user_my_requests.go)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "okta_end_user_my_requests" "example" {
  entry_id = "ce123456789abcdefghi"
  id       = "req123abcd456ghijklm"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `entry_id` (String) The ID of the catalog entry
- `id` (String) The ID of the request

### Optional

- `requester_field_values` (Block List) The requester input fields required by the approval system.
Note: The fields required are determined by the approval system. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--requester_field_values))
- `risk_assessment` (Block, Optional) A risk assessment indicates whether request submission is allowed or restricted and contains the risk rules that lead to possible conflicts for the requested resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--risk_assessment))

### Read-Only

- `access_duration` (String) How long the requester retains access after their request is approved and fulfilled.
Specified in ISO 8601 duration format.
- `created` (String) The ISO 8601 formatted date and time when the resource was created
- `created_by` (String) The id of the Okta user who created the resource
- `grant_status` (String) The grant status of the request
- `granted` (String) The date the approved access was granted. Only set if request.status is APPROVED.
- `last_updated` (String) The ISO 8601 formatted date and time when the object was last updated
- `last_updated_by` (String) The id of the Okta user who last updated the object
- `requested` (Block, Read-only) A representation of the resource in request (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--requested))
- `requested_by` (Block, Read-only) A representation of a principal (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--requested_by))
- `requested_for` (Block, Read-only) A representation of a principal (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--requested_for))
- `resolved` (String) The date the request was resolved. The property may transition from having a value to null if the request is reopened.
- `revocation_scheduled` (String) The date the granted access is scheduled for recovation. Only set if request.accessDuration exists, and request.grantStatus is GRANTED.
- `revocation_status` (String) The revocation status of the request, possible values are 'FAILED' 'PENDING' 'REVOKED'
- `revoked` (String) The date the granted access was revoked. Only set if request.grantStatus is GRANTED and request.revocationStatus is REVOKED.
- `status` (String) The status of the request

<a id="nestedblock--requester_field_values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `requester_field_values`

Required:

- `id` (String) The ID of a requesterField.

Optional:

- `label` (String) A human-readable description of requesterField. It's used for display purposes and is optional
- `type` (String) Type of value for the requester field.
- `value` (String) The value of requesterField, which depends on the type of the field
- `values` (List of String) The values of requesterField with the type MULTISELECT.
If the field type is MULTISELECT, this property is required.


<a id="nestedblock--risk_assessment"></a>
### Nested Schema for `risk_assessment`

Optional:

- `request_submission_type` (String) Whether request submission is allowed or restricted in the risk settings.
- `risk_rules` (Block List) An array of resources that are excluded from the review. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--risk_assessment--risk_rules))

<a id="nestedblock--risk_assessment--risk_rules"></a>
### Nested Schema for `risk_assessment.risk_rules`

Optional:

- `description` (String) The human readable description.
- `name` (String) The name of a resource rule causing a conflict.
- `resource_name` (String) Human readable name of the resource.



<a id="nestedblock--requested"></a>
### Nested Schema for `requested`

Read-Only:

- `access_scope_id` (String) ID of the access scope
- `access_scope_type` (String) The access scope type
- `entry_id` (String) The ID of the resource catalog entry.
- `resource_id` (String) The requested resource ID
- `resource_type` (String) The requested resource type.


<a id="nestedblock--requested_by"></a>
### Nested Schema for `requested_by`

Read-Only:

- `external_id` (String) The Okta user id
- `type` (String) The type of principal


<a id="nestedblock--requested_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `requested_for`

Read-Only:

- `external_id` (String) The Okta user id
- `type` (String) The type of principal
