---
page_title: "Data Source: okta_entitlement"
subcategory: "Identity Governance"
description: |-

  Terraform Data Source for okta_entitlement.

---

# Data Source: okta_entitlement


Terraform Data Source for okta_entitlement.


## Links

- [Okta API docs](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/iga/openapi/governance-production-reference/entitlements)
- [Provider source](https://github.com/okta/terraform-provider-okta/blob/master/okta/services/governance/data_source_entitlement.go)
- [SDK source](https://github.com/okta/okta-governance-sdk-golang/blob/v1.0.1/governance/api_entitlements.go)

## Related Resources

- [`okta_entitlement_bundle`](../resources/entitlement_bundle) — Bundles containing this entitlement
- [`okta_campaign`](../resources/campaign) — Campaigns reviewing this entitlement

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "okta_entitlement" "test" {

}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `values` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--values))

### Read-Only

- `data_type` (String) The type of data for the entitlement, e.g., 'user', 'group', etc.
- `external_value` (String) The value of an entitlement property.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `multi_value` (Boolean) The property that determines if the entitlement property can hold multiple values.
- `name` (String) The name of the entitlement property.
- `parent` (Block, Read-only) Representation of a resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parent))
- `parent_resource_orn` (String) The Okta app instance, in ORN format.

<a id="nestedblock--values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `values`

Optional:

- `description` (String) The description of an entitlement value.
- `external_id` (String) The id of the entitlement value.
- `external_value` (String) The value of an entitlement property value.
- `name` (String) The name of the entitlement value.

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The id of the entitlement value.


<a id="nestedblock--parent"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parent`

Read-Only:

- `external_id` (String) The Okta app.id of the resource.
- `type` (String) The type of resource.
