---
page_title: "Data Source: okta_idp_oidc"
subcategory: "Security"
description: |-

  Get a OIDC IdP from Okta.

---

# Data Source: okta_idp_oidc


Get a OIDC IdP from Okta.


## Links

- [Okta API docs](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/IdentityProvider/)
- [Provider source](https://github.com/okta/terraform-provider-okta/blob/master/okta/services/idaas/data_source_okta_idp_oidc.go)

## Related Resources

- [`okta_policy_rule_idp_discovery`](../resources/policy_rule_idp_discovery) — IdP discovery policy rules

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "okta_idp_oidc" "example" {
  name = "Example Provider"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) Id of idp.
- `name` (String) Name of the idp.
- `slo_url` (String) OIDC IdP logout endpoint.

### Read-Only

- `authorization_binding` (String) The method of making an authorization request.
- `authorization_url` (String) IdP Authorization Server (AS) endpoint to request consent from the user and obtain an authorization code grant.
- `client_id` (String) Unique identifier issued by AS for the Okta IdP instance.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) Client secret issued by AS for the Okta IdP instance.
- `issuer_mode` (String) Indicates whether Okta uses the original Okta org domain URL, a custom domain URL, or dynamic.
- `issuer_url` (String) URI that identifies the issuer.
- `jwks_binding` (String) The method of making a request for the OIDC JWKS.
- `jwks_url` (String) Endpoint where the keys signer publishes its keys in a JWK Set.
- `max_clock_skew` (Number) Maximum allowable clock-skew when processing messages from the IdP.
- `participate_slo` (Boolean) Set to true to have Okta send a logout request to the upstream IdP when a user signs out of Okta or a downstream app.
- `protocol_type` (String) The type of protocol to use.
- `scopes` (Set of String) The scopes of the IdP.
- `token_binding` (String) The method of making a token request.
- `token_url` (String) IdP Authorization Server (AS) endpoint to exchange the authorization code grant for an access token.
- `trust_claims` (Boolean) Indicates whether to trust authentication claims from the IdP.
- `type` (String) Type of idp.
- `user_info_binding` (String) The method of making a user info request.
- `user_info_url` (String) Protected resource endpoint that returns claims about the authenticated user.
