---
page_title: "Data Source: okta_principal_entitlements"
subcategory: "Identity Governance"
description: |-

  Terraform Data Source for okta_principal_entitlements.

---

# Data Source: okta_principal_entitlements


Terraform Data Source for okta_principal_entitlements.


## Links

- [Okta API docs](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/iga/openapi/governance-production-reference/principal-entitlements)
- [Provider source](https://github.com/okta/terraform-provider-okta/blob/master/okta/services/governance/data_source_principal_entitlements.go)
- [SDK source](https://github.com/okta/okta-governance-sdk-golang/blob/v1.0.1/governance/api_principal_entitlements.go)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "okta_principal_entitlements" "test" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `parent` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--parent))
- `target_principal` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--target_principal))

### Read-Only

- `data` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--data))
- `id` (String) The internal identifier for this data source, required by Terraform to track state. This field does not exist in the Okta API response.

<a id="nestedblock--parent"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parent`

Required:

- `external_id` (String)
- `type` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--target_principal"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target_principal`

Required:

- `external_id` (String)
- `type` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`

Read-Only:

- `data_type` (String) The data type of the entitlement property.
- `description` (String) The description of an entitlement property.
- `external_value` (String) The value of an entitlement property.
- `id` (String) The id property of an entitlement.
- `multi_value` (Boolean) The property that determines if the entitlement property can hold multiple values.
- `name` (String) The display name for an entitlement property.
- `parent` (Block, Read-only) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--data--parent))
- `parent_resource_orn` (String) The Okta app instance, in ORN format.
- `required` (Boolean) The property that determines if the entitlement property is a required attribute
- `target_principal` (Block, Read-only) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--data--target_principal))
- `target_principal_orn` (String) The Okta user id in ORN format.
- `values` (Block List) Collection of entitlement values. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--data--values))

<a id="nestedblock--data--parent"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.parent`

Read-Only:

- `external_id` (String) The Okta id of the resource.
- `type` (String) The type of the resource.


<a id="nestedblock--data--target_principal"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.target_principal`

Read-Only:

- `external_id` (String) The Okta user id.
- `type` (String) The type of principal.


<a id="nestedblock--data--values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data.values`

Read-Only:

- `description` (String) The description of an entitlement property.
- `external_value` (String) The value of an entitlement property value.
- `id` (String) The id of an entitlement value.
- `name` (String) The name of an entitlement value.
