---
page_title: "Data Source: okta_request_condition"
subcategory: "Identity Governance"
description: |-

  Terraform Data Source for okta_request_condition.

---

# Data Source: okta_request_condition


Terraform Data Source for okta_request_condition.


## Links

- [Okta API docs](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/iga/openapi/governance-production-requests-admin-v2-reference/request-conditions)
- [Provider source](https://github.com/okta/terraform-provider-okta/blob/master/okta/services/governance/data_source_request_conditions.go)
- [SDK source](https://github.com/okta/okta-governance-sdk-golang/blob/v1.0.1/governance/api_request_conditions.go)

## Related Resources

- [`okta_request_v2`](../resources/request_v2) — Access requests
- [`okta_request_sequence`](../resources/request_sequence) — Approval sequences

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "okta_request_condition" "test" {}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `resource_id` (String) The id of the resource in Okta ID format.

### Read-Only

- `access_scope_settings` (Block, Read-only) List of groups/entitlement bundles. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--access_scope_settings))
- `created` (String) The ISO 8601 formatted date and time when the resource was created.
- `created_by` (String) The id of the Okta user who created the resource.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `last_updated` (String) The ISO 8601 formatted date and time when the object was last updated.
- `last_updated_by` (String) The id of the Okta user who last updated the object.
- `name` (String) The name of the request condition.
- `priority` (Number) The priority of the request condition.
- `requester_settings` (Block, Read-only) List of teams/groups ids. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--requester_settings))
- `status` (String) Status indicates if this condition is active or not. Default status is INACTIVE

<a id="nestedblock--access_scope_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_scope_settings`

Read-Only:

- `ids` (Block List) Block list of groups/entitlement bundles ids. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--access_scope_settings--ids))
- `type` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--access_scope_settings--ids"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_scope_settings.ids`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The group/entitlement bundle ID.



<a id="nestedblock--requester_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `requester_settings`

Read-Only:

- `ids` (Block List) Block list of teams/groups ids. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--requester_settings--ids))
- `type` (String)

<a id="nestedblock--requester_settings--ids"></a>
### Nested Schema for `requester_settings.ids`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The group/team ID.
