---
page_title: "Data Source: okta_ui_schema"
subcategory: "Directory"
description: |-

  Terraform Data Source for okta_ui_schema.

---

# Data Source: okta_ui_schema


Terraform Data Source for okta_ui_schema.


## Links

- [Okta API docs](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/UISchema/)
- [Provider source](https://github.com/okta/terraform-provider-okta/blob/master/okta/services/idaas/data_source_okta_ui_schema.go)

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "okta_ui_schema" "test" {
  id = "<okta_ui_schema.test.id>"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The id property of an UI Schema.

### Read-Only

- `created` (String) Timestamp when the UI Schema was created (ISO 86001).
- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp when the UI Schema was last modified (ISO 86001).
- `ui_schema` (Block, Read-only) Properties of the UI schema. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--ui_schema))

<a id="nestedblock--ui_schema"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ui_schema`

Read-Only:

- `button_label` (String) Specifies the button label for the Submit button at the bottom of the enrollment form.
- `elements` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--ui_schema--elements))
- `label` (String) Specifies the label at the top of the enrollment form under the logo.
- `type` (String) Specifies the type of layout.

<a id="nestedblock--ui_schema--elements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ui_schema.elements`

Read-Only:

- `label` (String) Label name for the UI element.
- `options` (Block, Read-only) UI Schema element options object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--ui_schema--elements--options))
- `scope` (String) Specifies the property bound to the input field. It must follow the format #/properties/PROPERTY_NAME where PROPERTY_NAME is a variable name for an attribute in profile editor.
- `type` (String) Specifies the relationship between this input element and scope. The Control value specifies that this input controls the value represented by scope.

<a id="nestedblock--ui_schema--elements--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ui_schema.elements.options`

Read-Only:

- `format` (String) Specifies how the input appears.
